advice for people in secondary school that is up to graduation from high
school has got to be the same it's time to grow up you need to put
away childish things and begin thinking about what you're doing this
is not the time to say well I can get a good grade if I do this grades
are not what you're in high school for your high school to learn
how to think you mean high schooler now to analyze your high school
learn how to communicate get those skills and be working on take
every chance you have to communicate if somebody says we need somebody
to give a talk where somebody needs to get up and give a speech volunteer
whether you're a natural speaker or like me have terrible stage
fright practice practice practice and you'll get used to whatever
it is you need to be doing so work on your communication skills and
work on figuring out where you're going with your life